QUASTO Release Update

QUASTO - Quality Assurance Tool

Release Date: 17.04.2023

Release Version: 1.1


Overview:
Quasto is a project for checking guidelines and code quality for inside the oracle database. You can define rules for 
your own projects to check the quality in different kind of Database Objects including APEX. It is possible to upload and download sets of
rules and to define orders in which the rules will be processed.
Project uses the MIT License.


Features:

Upload an Download rules in JSON format: Now it is possible to easily upload or download a bulk of rules in JSON format. With this option
You do not have to upload rule by rule. You now can upload a set of rules. With this option it is also possible to download a set of rules of
one project and install them in a nother project.

Logging of Erros: A logger-processing is added now. This Includes the Oracle integrated logging and is added in every 
Function and Procedure so that an easy analysing of Errors is now possible. The Logger will raise an Error including the Procedure name and the information of the Object that
raises the error.

Excluding Objects in rules: Now it is possible to define for which Objects a rule will not run. You can exclude Objects for example when you already
know that an object does not fit a rule but have to keep as it is for reasons.

Defining predecessors: It is now possible to define a predecessor order for rules if it is necessary that one or more rules
have to run before a nother rule. You can build complete predecessor chains. There will be also a check for cycles in the chains that
will stop the preocessing immediatly if a cycle is detected.


Changes:

Code Generation for Testpackages: The processing of generating the Test Packages ha been revised.

Using Rules to Check APEX: The Structure of the rules is changed, that it is now possible to also check the APEX context. The rules for
APEX differ in the parameters apex_app_id and apex_page_id to the existing rules.

New rule processing order: The processing order of the rules has now changed. They will be processed now based on the predecessor order if defined.


Notes:

The Release 1.1 holds all relevant information for a full software install and for an update from Release 1.0 to 1.1
Therefore if you have not installed QUASTO yet, you only need the installation for Release 1.1 to get a full instalaltion.

Please read the installation instructions on github for furhter informtaion: https://github.com/mt-ag/quasto
